Someone else here mentioned left-right-right-left, that's mine too. Is that the same for everyone? I always start on the left (unless it's an accident, like brushing my right hand against something).
I'm curious at what there is to do tonight in San Jose. I know there is the normal bar scene, but any shows or what not going on to night?
Silver Linings Playbook. Because Jennifer Lawrence.
Does this happen to be for ACen in Chicago which in a few days?
Rob is incredibly close friends with Mark Burnett and has been since Marquesas, and I absolutely believe that that is why he was brought back for All-Stars and by extension HvV/RI.
May all your garments itch horribly.
How about a 13 foot boston whaler? I have one and I absolutely love it. They're great boats, unsinkable, and you can find them anywhere
It's a valid study, in that it was conducted with an experimental design that is valid, using instruments which are known to be reasonable for measuring the things they claim to measure.   Unfortunately, there are some things you have to have for it to be an experiment (and thus to show causation) - you have to randomly assign treatments to individuals. That is, you would have to randomly expose children to more or less swearing, and see how aggressive they are later in life. Otherwise, there are all sorts of other variables (SES, environment, etc.) that correlate with aggression that you can't control and that you also can't assume "wash out" because of random assignment. 
I think it was a sweet offer. Next time you go out to dinner, if she offers to pay for the bill, let her :)
Madness? No, THIS. IS. CARLYLE.
Well, they did make it pretty far even without democracy. A lot of things took forever, but given enough time they made it through.  There are a few experimental streams that use random number generators, but even they place bias on a user-inputted direction. A perfect random number generator with no biases would most likely fail to accomplish anything before the end of the universe. So the fact that players managed to actually make progress and beat the game in 16 days, even with the help of democracy when it was necessary, means it had to have been somewhat intentional.
Wow, so no one is attracted to Indian girls? Got it. Not that I particularly like receiving these messages, but I guarantee you the attention is not because they are trying to emigrate or on "the off chance" that I'll have "single hot white women friends interested in such culture." 
At the office where I worked, there were several different Google buildings, each with their own cafe, which served lunch. Dinner was only in one of the buildings since there wasn't as much demand.   Each cafe would have about two or three different main dishes, plus a salad bar, and some sort of dessert-y thing, maybe a few options for sweet things. Plus lots of fresh fruit etc. The building I worked in had a smoothie bar and barista, which was pretty excellent.   And there's "microkitchens" around everywhere (there's some company rule or something about the maximum distance you're allowed to be from food at all times? Or maybe that was made up, but there is definitely food pretty much everywhere), which have snacks like muesli bars, packets of crisps, occasionally chocolates and icecreams; plus nuts and fruit and giant drinks fridges stocked full of whatever you could possibly want.  As for the cafe menus, yes, rotating menus; they'd get emailed out or posted online at the start of each day, and you could decide accordingly where to go for breakfast/lunch. I think they rotated monthly while I was there but they might have changed that. The food was all so delicious that it didn't matter having the same thing two months in a row, and if you didn't like anything you could just eat at a different cafe.
Yeah, that works too. But that's like... 2 extra syllables... 
&gt;Updated third person female walk animations   I have to laugh at this one. I'll bet they removed the extreme hip sway. Maybe fewer pervs will follow the female avatars around the WB now.   Edit: I *hope* this is the case. 
No I understand the basis is not on the present events, but rather the emotional trauma and how he's being affected by it. I got about 3/4 of the way through, when I had to put it down for the night and never really felt any desire to finish it. It wasn't poorly written, but I guess it just didn't capture my interest. 
Damn, only 1,880 subscribers! When was it taken out of being a default sub? I'm curious how many people will end up subscribing in the future.
Oh, then that shouldn't be a huge deal. I thought you meant the 30% trade bonus
I know nothing of the mythology, so I went to Wikipedia, and I didn't find any comparison to Jesus, but I found this story, which is worth repeating:  Set is depicted as trying to prove his dominance by seducing Horus and then having intercourse with him. However, Horus places his hand between his thighs and catches Set's semen, then subsequently throws it in the river, so that he may not be said to have been inseminated by Set. Horus then deliberately spreads his own semen on some lettuce, which was Set's favorite food. After Set had eaten the lettuce, they went to the gods to try to settle the argument over the rule of Egypt. The gods first listened to Set's claim of dominance over Horus, and call his semen forth, but it answered from the river, invalidating his claim. Then, the gods listened to Horus' claim of having dominated Set, and call his semen forth, and it answered from inside Set.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
okay, wow, so it turns out there was a baking pan in the back of my broiler! (this is how we store things in manhattan... and then we forget about them and our apartments fill up with smoke.)
Oh, and Deadman Wonderland. I'm on the mobile app so I can't edit that, whoops.
I don't really have anything much to say except be prepared to give yourself time to grieve if it comes to that point.   I had to put to sleep my almost 14yo Lab the end of December. It was getting to the point where her quality of life just wasn't there any more. It was literally the hardest thing I've ever done. Thank god, my parents were able to go with my since my boyfriend couldn't get off. The vets office was so wonderful about the entire thing. I do hope you're able to find someone to go with you. I think it really helped me to have someone else there. 
I don't know because there is no solid definition for art, but no one is harmed so....
Team JIM  GT: JLH2B
